Add a little more info to the quick start (#256)
vippsas/vipps-login-api: vipps-login-api-quick-start.md

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

> The URL of the OP's OAuth 2.0 Authorization Endpoint is provided in the response.

Reviewer: I couldn't see that OP is defined anywhere. I assume it refers to OpenID provider from the OIDC standard?

```suggestion
The URL of the OP's OAuth 2.0 Authorization Endpoint is provided in the response.
```

Author: Yes, I copied this from the swagger file and it uses "OpenID Provider" there.

### Step 3 - Log in

> Log the user in by using OAuth 2.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log the user in by using OpenID Connect.
```
